everybody welcome back to northernlion
plays The Binding of Isaac a droid plus
we're going through these like splash
screens like they ain't nothin at all
man I don't know what that's supposed to
mean either way let's do an Eden
greeting run here not green here yet cuz
again I think we have to go through all
that we kind of can't even again
sometimes life is good NT for envy vb0
the shears is also I mean our stats are
not great I'll just give you that HP is
pretty good which is valuable but the
shears are like a 10 out of 10 item here
we can get value out of a key if we have
to the shears are a 10 out of 10 item
here for everything up to but probably
not quite including the actual green
fight itself although I think we have it
for the super green fight at the end and
that's fine as well
but it might actually be like STR level
4 green mode in fact I don't want to be
I don't want to suck all the value out
of these episodes in advance by saying
we're going to win like guaranteed but
it might even be like what's above X
here like Zeta Prime's here this is like
a Zeta prime to your item because we're
going to be able to use shears multiple
times per room as long as we play our
cards right and the way that we play our
cards right I think is actually very
very simple like for example we just use
another shears right here and then we
never leave this room we fight the
bosses we pipes a deal with the devil
wave all in one go that way we don't
lose the existing shear setup that we
got going on here now are we going to
get another charge it might take us like
slightly longer but look at the speed at
which we're able to get through the the
first floor of greed mode is a little
bit on the ridiculous side plus we
should be spending very little money on
HP so I'm kind of loving this right now
and not even in the but up up up a sort
of way hopefully we get angel deals cuz
black powder with no speed is just not a
good choice so the first thing you do is
grab a key
like we probably go for range and tiers
with a little extra HP associated with
it and then we just head down to the
next floor
after getting 99 bombs is really good
it's really really good so we're going
to blow these guys up now that things
have changed slightly now takes us to
nine cents then we're going to ruin this
donation machines existence we could go
for like a two of diamonds if we see one
but it is a risk we're looking for
half-price items right now including a
Half Price key even though it doesn't
seem like it'd be worth that much I
don't think it's worth buying extra shot
speed I mean we use six bombs there
that's basically no cost as far as I'm
concerned it's a very very good start I
liked it is my first video the day
normally I like to talk about Isaac a
little bit to start ease into things
then we'll get off into the zanier
tangents like you know for example we
talked about on the LSS the other day or
no it was in a battlegrounds video
either way what constitutes fried
chicken
Austin seems to be of the opinion that
any chicken that's fried is fried
chicken and I know some of you
literalists out there probably agreeing
with them even though it's ridiculous
because for me
fried chicken tell me what you're
missing kissing on a man while I'm
working in the kitchen is exclusively
chicken fried in the you know American
South style it's not boneless you pick
it up you eat it with your hands it
comes in a bucket that's a principle
element here okay now we have 87 keys
and no bombs I think we should save this
like save the question mark card and and
use the devil card like right now
because we can't take two with us and
then in here it is good that we have 87
keys because we can you know do that I
don't think we care about buying HP play
what we'll try add that that didn't even
blow up this over here in an empress
card dude there's too many cards that
accomplish exactly the same thing our
bombs are worth almost nothing those
so uh looks just before we even worry
about this let's just step on this you
know get the party started on a Saturday
night
everybody's moving and I'm feeling
alright did you know and this surprised
me anyway we'll get back to the fried
chicken thing maybe you know it might be
like a week or so in a battleground
video but I'll talk to Austin about it
and say buddy what are you talking about
you think chicken nuggets are fried
chicken
it's literally chicken that's fried I
get what you're saying but it's not how
the English language works you know a
chicken strip is not literally a chicken
finger is not literally the finger of a
chicken we're going to approach pure
absurdity here so what are our tell you
because this is ridiculous where are ten
out of ten items here it looked like one
of them ate my money I don't respect
that the actual ten out of ten items
here are 9-volt triple-a battery
none tab and maybe it looks like we're
getting one room or anyway there we had
an equilibrium when it comes to waves
we'll see in a sec here I guess we can
fight angel statues now I don't think we
want to get a key piece that's not
really worth anything for us at the
present moment in my opinion at least so
we're done with this floor early as well
let's try the pills we might as well
honestly get risky on this episode
because we're not really missing out on
anything hello there it looks nice
you're welcome how so oh yeah this
because I've got two sets of ears here
all right
this is actually all great we can only
buy two I know I said nun's habit is a
ten out of ten this is like you know the
perfect screw marry kill episode right
here I think we want tarot claws because
it's just a gorgeous item oh do it and
then you want car batteries we got
pretty lucky there but car battery is
actually something I didn't conceive of
but it's way better than all the other
items here I just being straight up with
you it might be a little bit on the
boring side but I think the best option
that we have right now is just to stack
up make sure we have $0.99 with which to
finish this run because I don't think as
long as we're getting HP I don't think
we can lose we played this like
accidentally exactly correct so I would
say you know look for items that can
give you more money which none of these
apply of course but look for items that
can give you more money and apart from
that just stack it up this is like the
easiest greed mode run of actual
all-time and now with car battery we
actually only have to use I think at
least we only have the use shears once
yet to get to shears voice Paul's as I
call them
justice which means we can afford I
think to kind of reset our situation
right here by not using shears twice on
this floor we don't need four shears
boys we don't need for Paul's that would
just be ridiculous I'll just save you
the Wikipedia for those of you who are
unaware what I'm talking about Paul
Scheer is an American you know writer
director podcaster comedian most famous
for his role on the league as well as
the television sketch comedy show human
giant that ran for two seasons from 2007
to 2009 also famous for the how did this
get made podcast on the Earwolf network
get dust did not quite not quite not
quite a dusting if you had to rank the
chores that you have to do around the
house where do they rank I'm going to
like s to your chores chores I do not
mind doing it all yeah let's grab I
don't mind doing the laundry I'm going
to be honest with you the laundry is a
high tier chore here's why how long does
it take to do the laundry
it takes a long-ass time I'm going to be
honest with you you can't leave the
house really I guess you can do let's do
it do you could leave your stuff in the
in the washer or the dryer although I
wouldn't necessarily recommend it
especially the washer well it's tough
you know because if you leave your
clothes in the washer they might get a
little stinky depending on how long you
leave them if you leave your clothes in
the dryer they might get a little
wrinkly but is that so bad versus the
stinky I don't know hello NL hello you
Suqian LLL go play Issac ugly more pills
I thought about blank card nods that's
fine but I think we're better off like
this again we want to save enough money
for our for our greed donation machine
if we could donate like fifty cents plus
here that'd be awesome but sometimes
people go you know I can't come out that
I got to do laundry you know what is
doing the laundry entail you got a
hamper it's got clothes in it all day if
it doesn't have clothes in it yet we'll
stop throwing your clothes on the ground
you weirdo start throwing them in the
hamper
pampers just sorted ground oh that's I
mean the most minimal value but value
nonetheless and we might as well keep
this as well you take your clothes out
of the hamper I'm going to be honest
you're going to be like do we need to go
don't you need to separate the white
clothes from the clothes that are not
white this is not correct I mean maybe
you do but that strikes me it's like
some 19:40 stuff my mom still does that
but I am it almost at the point where
I'm my mom why I've been doing my
laundry unseparated for okay just cool
it a little bit here I've been doing my
laundry unseparated for like over ten
years in college I said to myself I'm
going to separate that stuff I'm going
to make you just won't attack that guy
huh well that's scary I'm just going to
you know make the laundry prove to me
that it needs to be separated and
honestly they've played very well
together and I'm very proud of them as a
result so you throw it in the washer you
throw in some detergent you set that to
normal you let it run until it beeps you
take it out you put it in the dryer I
think we need to hear you let it run in
the put a little dryer sheet in there
maybe let it run until it beeps you take
it out and you fold it 80% of the labor
and doing laundry if not more is the
folding algorithm that you choose to
approach so you get a lot of credit for
doing the laundry
but the laundry doesn't take a lot of
time all things considered and it's
extremely important it's it's the
perfect intersection of chores because
it has to be done it's not a quality of
life thing like you need clean underwear
if you think you don't please take it
from me you need clean underwear socks
you know among every other item of
clothing that exists I had to leave I
was getting a little nervous there you
can always buy this for two cents feel a
little better we already have to hit
some enemies which scares me I don't
want to use the question mark card until
we fight super greed because he's super
greedy dude
so yeah laundry's like a top-tier one
for me we had a discussion on the show
recently well it's probably like you
know a hundred years ago but I don't
think it's good enough it's close but
it's not quite good enough we don't need
pay to play at this point we certainly
don't want clicker
okay piercing shots are quite solid
we'll take that and might get enough
money to get science but we're kind of
in a scary spot here because we're on
our own for killing these enemies we got
tons of time to kill them so just maybe
don't try to go too fast and the
question is like would you rather do
dishes or clean the toilet and both Josh
I agree with Josh is the most reasonable
thing this man has ever said in his
entire life both Josh and I had the same
opinion I would much rather clean the
toilet and do the dishes the toilet is a
is a bit of a grosser chore but the
dishes are like they take so much longer
if you've got like a really I mean how
often do you clean the toilet versus how
often do you do the dishes I know you're
saying do the dishes you know every time
after you eat and you won't have to do
them in one big swell is it's not really
a concern we have a dishwasher show some
of the dishes just pile up we've put
them in the dishwasher it doesn't take
that long but cleaning the toilet is
grosser but also it takes like you know
one eighth of the time and I don't mind
you know it's my it's my waste so I'll
clean that up no problem I'm okay with
vacuuming but I don't think I'm good at
it because vacuuming requires that you
maintain like a mental map of the places
you vacuumed unless you have like if you
got a carpet floor you can sort of do
like a lawnmower thing and make patterns
in the carpet so you know where you bend
if you got wood you got to like keep a
mental map and then you know you got it
you got to get a separate tool and drag
it out and it's fine it's like a beefier
chore in my personal opinion trying to
get like what the worst ones are you're
really going to make me do another wave
here aren't you how long are you going
to make me wave
okay I should not be doing this but I
also just really want one of you to be
dusted this is like the most classic
northernlion bit of commentary at this
point but if ur as good as this run is
we do still have 2.8 damage which
usually I follow that up with the
standard you know default parameter of
it's not the worst in the world but
really 2.8 damage this late in the game
is really really bad we're 100%
insulated from it when we get the
opportunity to use our shears and I
think that that will sustain until the
end of the game however we do need to
make sure that we're using our shears
perfectly appropriately and we got kind
of thrown off base here when our shears
just decided to stop attacking enemies
which I was not necessarily a big fan of
hey I like this though I will say
vacuuming you know it beats sweeping
sweeping is vacuuming is analog
vacuuming let me rephrase that because I
kind of like that quote sweeping is
analog vacuuming better for the smaller
the task the better sweeping is and of
course with glass you've got no choice
oh why not
I don't want to go to the we should have
had that doesn't matter because think we
should have gotten the little horn
because it's tax it's a fear effect
right so it would be better for us to
have a little horn with soymilk
considering how fast we're shooting but
either way try to think of like the
worst tier chores
I hate mowing the lawn and I know that
that's a I haven't had to do it in a
long time
mowing the lawn and shoveling snow I am
oh I can't believe I said that that was
on ironic you're gonna have to take my
word for it but my brain was like yeah
just say I am oh here that'll sound good
rarely do you hear about chores killing
people every year in Canada and I'm sure
you know parts of other parts of the
world for sure
you know a couple of men before their
prime keel over because the snows
freakin heavy the heaviest chore well I
don't know if that's true but it's up
there this is going nowhere I take no
pleasure in washing a car that's why
mankind invented those auto car washes
that you just you know drive your car
into it doesn't get your cars clean not
you don't understand it does by my
standards I'm driving I'm not driving I
murdered out you know Lamborghini
Murcielago I'm driving a very you know
sensible and contemporary domestic sedan
it basically just has to not have you
know bloodstains and too much animal
feces and then it's good to go
I don't know what to do on this run and
it makes me feel bad because the run is
great but at the same time maybe it
isn't what I mean is at the same time
it's also sort of like awful at least in
terms of our raw stats I feel like I
should know what that is after this much
time in the game but as long as I mean
winning well no no no let's rephrase
entertainment is the most important
thing here you know we've already done
everything here it's not like we get one
shot at it and then it's done forever
many people have been saying you know
when are you going to do challenges
again yeah I mean we're going to do them
when specifically I don't know but yet
there are there on the list as is like
literally everything I know it sounds
like I'm being dismissive fear criticism
here and there not criticism but you
know genuine kind of questioning that's
a bad habit of minded answer a
questioning kind of a smart aleck II
voice that might diminish the you know
self-esteem of the person asking and I
don't know why I do it I guess it's
because I feel it's it's audacious to
even be asked a question it's a great
personal flaw of mine I suppose you know
it should practice being a little bit
more genuine in my reactions to people
I've now is the bad place to be
thank you for your interest in this
series challenges will proceed at a
later point in the future but certainly
there's something that I'm looking
forward to doing that's a much nicer way
of doing it
perhaps so entertainments the most
important thing which is why we've got
off on this chores power ranking episode
here I meant to talk about this on the
show today
which starts in like 40 minutes because
I know everybody is going to have some
divisive opinions I just know you know
Austin's gonna show up and be like my
favorite chore is mopping I'll be like
why I just like the feeling of mopping
you're crazy it's all about laundry man
you just pop a movie on
start folding before you know it you've
got another week's worth of fresh
clothes their second most important is a
little frightened here second most
important is you know accomplishing our
post-it note objectives here great time
for you to pop up thank you so much in
order to accomplish our post-it note
objectives we do have to live and we
have to beat greed dude look at this
damage look at it
take a look you know just we do have
0.56 damage I just want to point that
out there this could be Krampus that the
I don't know if you take a full heart of
damage down here that would have been
quite scary so I'm thankful for this
free spirit art I don't think we should
try to fight blue baby who is actually
greed with 0 HP so I'm going to I'm
going to make some compromises here that
I'm not necessarily very thrilled with
certainly do not want 9 lives it's like
the exact opposite of what we want right
here and I'm going to I'm going to hope
that I get 6 uh well first we got to
fight the greed statute I guess but I'm
going to hope that we get 6 meat boys or
sheers boys 6 policy or if you will all
I used it once by accident that was
muscle memory thank God we brought the
question mark card otherwise this will
be a nightmare hope we get 4 cheers boys
we only got two shears boys I dispute
this I dispute this verily taro claw I
guess no that's not fair because taro
claws it just purports to do twice the
effect of your of your spacebar item car
battery doesn't change your spacebar
item it just makes it work it basically
turns your space bar into taro claw
we're still going to win but dude I
really should have just fought the greed
statute the old-fashioned way it would
have been a much much much simpler
situation for me well I'm actually too
slow to escape from him if he ever
Agro's me so what a strange run because
again I don't here's the way I'm going
to describe it and it's still not quite
completely safe yet but this is the run
where the decisions that I made I think
have had the most little consequence
ever
we basically I mean taro cloth shirt
helped us out here potentially on our
Wade yet taro cloth should give us four
times the item or four times the power
because we also have because the
question mark card already gives you two
times the power anyway I digress we
should have gotten by my Mads we should
have gotten 2 to the power of 5 poles
right here where's 32 poles the new
movie starring quitting Tarantino yeah
that's right he's not directing it's
directed by Tyler Perry he's branching
out which is the movie starring Tyler
Perry written by Quentin Tarantino ok so
you should be dead basically like two
items I picked up on this run had any
consequence in terms of our you know
progress whatsoever here so we should be
able to donate to get at least two I
mean we should be able to get to 67
cents but what a strange run never in my
green mode history I think is a run ever
been so guaranteed and yet
simultaneously like so kind of dicey as
it came to the end they're like we
spawned with exactly what we needed in
order to
get this done you're really not going to
allow me to get to 69 you're going to
force me to get to 68 which barely gives
Kane the paper clip which is Gardens
fantastic a little bit of a shorter
episode here but hopefully it gives you
some meat that you wanted the whole
chore Powerex
maybe a bit that probably won't be
recurring but for now thanks for
watching hope you guys enjoyed the
episode of eating click the like button
how's that a great deal of course
subscribe you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I will see you next time